Get Ready post (#1938)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/portland/2023/news/events-activities.rst

:template: {{year}}/generic.html
:banner: _static/conf/images/headers/venue.png

.. post:: April 28, 2023
   :tags: tickets, events, practical, shirts, {{shortcode}}-{{year}}

Events and Activities, Hike Update, and Livestream
==================================================

We're less than 2 weeks out from the conference, and we hope everyone is getting excited!

In this update, we're happy to share with you the different events and activities that will be available as a part of the conference,

> discuss a change to the hike, and share details on the talk livestream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
discuss a change to the hike, and share details on the livestream.
```

I think that actually makes it less clear

Remember to check out our `Welcome Wagon <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/welcome-wagon/>`_ guide and the `Visiting {{city}} <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/visiting/>`_ page for information around transit, food, and making the most out of the conference.

Hike Reroute
------------

> Unfortunately, there is a closure of the trail that we were planning to hike because of a large rain event this spring.
> This means the hike will turn into an "out and back" hike from Lower Macleay Trailhead to Pittock Mansion.
> The options for public transit at the bottom of the trail are a bit limited,
> so we will work to ensure folks have a ride, or can get a ride share back to your accommodation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunately the trail that we were planning to hike is currently closed due to spring rain.
This means that we'll hike "out and back" from Lower Macleay Trailhead to Pittock Mansion, and returning to the starting point.
Options for public transit to and from the starting point are a bit limited,
so we will work to ensure folks have a ride, or can get a ride share back to your accommodation.
```

See more information on the `Hike page <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/outing/>`_

Live streaming
--------------

If you can't attend the conference in person, we will be broadcasting all the main stage presentations on our `livestream page <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/livestream>`_ .
You can join the #live-streaming channel on Slack to connect with other remote attendees, ask questions, and troubleshoot technical issues with the stream.

> We are excited to be able enable folks to participate in the conference from afar!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are excited that folks can watch the conference talks from anywhere in the world with an internet connection!
```
